# The Great Big Nature Adventure
### Interactive Comic Strip - Group Work 

1. **Project Description:** *What is the project, overall concept and theme? What kind of experience you were striving to create?*
In developing our interactive comic, our first concern was developing a plot. Using the principles of storytelling from lecture, along with our own previous knowledge of comic storytelling we decided on a choose your own adventure storyline. Not only would this give us the most freedom individually to incorporate aspects into our separate enviornments, but it would add a unique layer to a traditional comic. Thus, after deciding on this three-possibility storyline, we needed to find a way to tie it all together. After a bit of brainstorming, we decided to feature the same traveller throughout all the enviornments who is transported to these new worlds using a magical books that she finds. Our goal in keeping the same character featured in each story was to consistency throughout the story in what otherwise is rather disconnected. 

2. **Process:** *How did you go about implementing the concept?*
In terms of implmentation, our primary objective was a divide and conquer approach. We assessed who had particular skills in what aspect of the project and capitalized on that in the development stage. Nevertheless, given the scope of our share responsibilities, each person was able to interact with/and develop throughout each stage of our implementation which we believe looking back, streamlined our workflow while still ensuring everyone's voices were heard. 

Each members responsibilites were as follows:
1. Jania: Jania's main responsbility was introducing the story in a way that combined all three plotlines into one overarching story. She designed and code the library scenes (frames 1 and 8) along with the library extension book page (frame 1.5). In doing so, her main focus was incorporating the interactive components in a way that was seamless for the story.
2. Fatima: Fatima's responsibility was the underwater ocean scene (frames 2 and 3). She incorporated interactivity through the sound elements (water gurgling option) along with the users being prompted to click on the characters for the conversation to commence. Additionally, the video background and gliding characters introduced a unique comic style that invited to audience to further immerse themselves in this underwater world.  
3. Isaac: Isaac's responsibility was the forest scenes (frames 4 and 5). His main focus was on creating a thorough scene with multiple elements for the audience to enjoy. Not only do both frames feature sound components, but there are birds seen flying across frame 4 and fruits falling in frame 5 to heighten the experience.
4. Asini: Lastly, Asini was responsible for developing the desert scene in frames 6 and 7. In these frames she put in a lot of work on the design side to create a compelling experience for the users. Furthermore, she also created subtle yet effective user interaction through the panel hovering in frame 6 and bounce animation in frame 7. 

Throughout our implementation all four members different tools from lecture and personal experience to create our scenes. Across the board, Photoshop was heavily used to remove the background on images and assemble scenes. Additionally, Canva was used as a resoure to reference different element componennts such as the book in frame 1.5. Another component that our comic features is the navigation tool bar. In the effort of time management, we referenced the navigational toolbar in the Scroll Animation code from lecture to use as a foundation for navigation functionality. 

3. **Reflection/Evaluation:** *Were your expectations and goals met in the process of building the final working version?*
Across the board we are rather satisfied with the outcome of our project. Collaboration and problem solving were a big component that guided us through a generally direct design process. Given that we all are different students/learners we were all able to bring different personal skills to the table and also focus more deeply on different aspects of what we learned in class. In terms of future developments, we would love to apply the suggestions made in class regarding having different pages instead of one long scroll. Personally, we also discussed adding more environments to the story or additional plotlines for added complexity. Nevertheless, having gone from the rough draft phase of designing an idea, to presenting our final product today in class, we are happy with was created and look forward to developing it further in the future. 


